A Categorise slide turns sorting into a live quiz.
Click New Presentation to start a fresh deck.
Your editor is loading — in a moment we'll pick the slide type.
Select Categorise from the slide type picker, in the Quiz section.
Type your sorting challenge in the question field.
Now add the items participants will sort.
Enter the items, separated by commas — AhaSlides splits them automatically.
Give your first category a name — this is the bucket they'll sort items into.
Click Add Category to create as many buckets as you need.
Your slide is ready — hit Present to go live with your audience.
Participants drag items into the right category on their phones — results appear on your screen in real time.